##Catch-The-Goombas

Top-down entity collecting minigame [Julian Rice 2019 | January 2019 ]

##Summary
Catch the Goombas is a game where one player needs to control an ice goomba and maneuver it to all of its green goomba villagers that have been randomly placed on the map. However, a Mario-like entity has been creating mario bots that are as deadly to your goomba as a goomba is to mario - one touch will result in a nasty game over. Your goal is to get as many of the villagers as you can before the mario bots inevitably end you...!

##Features
* **Dash** -> Sprint around the map and avoid all of the mario bots at all costs. The villagers will appear one by one at different places on the map, so it's crucial to know how to dash at the right times to save as many villagers as possible.
* **Intensity Up!** -> The intensity of the mario bots will increase every 3 seconds - the number of mario bots generated by the evil entity will increase by one after each cooldown is done. 
* **A Song** -> I wrote a quick piece that will play and loop indefinitely during your short (but hopefully enjoyable) time with this minigame. 
* **Grading** -> There is a scoring system, and the number of points you earn for saving a villager increases depending on how many mario bots are currently on the screen. You will earn a grade (SS, S, A, B, C, D, F) at the end of the game depending on your score, as well as a marker to how many more points you would have needed to score to be able to achieve the next rank. 

## Contents

#### w4pygame.py
This is the main file - it contains the class definition for player as well as a ton of programming with the pygame module. It's almost 400 lines and also contains tons of comments for readability!

#### greenba, player, enemy.png
These are the image files used for the project. They are loaded through the directory set through my computer, so you will either have to modify that yourself before trying the project, or I will have to find a way to automatically detect / create a path that lets everything run smoothly without the need to modify any code.

#### w4.ogg
This is the music track that gets loaded to the project and repeated indefinitely. I wrote it in just under an hour and played with the instruments for only a bit. I'm currently on the lookout for better soundfonts to play with but right now this will do.

#### README
This file! The README contains lots of different information about the project, so it's best to read (this) if you are curious about the game. Also, you might want to read all of the comments found in w4game.py, as they are quite informative.